I am John Fitzgerald Kennedy, also
known as J.F Kennedy. born in 1917,
Brookline, Massachusetts, America. I am
the 35th president of the United States.
I faced several foreign crises, especially
in Cuba and Berlin, but managed to secure
achievements such as the Nuclear-Test-Ban
Treaty and the Alliance for Progress.
I grew up in a powerful political family which
allowed us to enroll in the best schools.
I graduated from Harvard with honors. I then
traveled to Great Britain to be with my father
who was the U.S Ambassador to Great Britain at
the time. Here I learned firsthand about World
War II. I joined the navy and was in command
of a patrol torpedo boat when it was sunk.
I rescued our boat crew which made me a war hero.
I became involved in politics which paved my way
to Congress to become a congressman and U.S
Senator. Besides politics, I published the
Profiles in Courage book which was awarded the
Pulitzer Prize in history. I ran for president
in 1960 against Richard Nixon and won in one of
the closest elections in history. My presidency
was marked by major events in the Cold War such
as the Berlin Wall in Germany by the communists,
the Bay of Pigs, and the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Just a few months after becoming president,
I decided to try and help Cuban rebels overthrow
the communist Cuban leader, Fidel Castro.
The invasion failed miserably when the
CIA-assisted rebels were soundly defeated.
In Cuba, the Soviet Union was building
missile bases with abilities to strike
the U.S with nuclear bombs. The world was never
closer to a nuclear war. After negotiations,
the Soviet Union agreed to dismantle the bases.
Consequently, the U.S agreed to never attack Cuba
and to remove missiles from Turkey.
In 1963 I was assassinated while
riding in a convertible car in Texas. I
commanded fascination as a compelling,
charismatic leader during a period of immense
challenge to the American body politic.
"Ask not what your country can do for you
- ask what you can do for your country"